♪ ♪
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
BOY
Dad.
Seriously?
It's. like. 6:00 in the morning.
Well. it's 6:15.
you said you wanted to get up
early to study.
so this is me waking you.
Yeah. early.
not the butt crack of dawn.
Where are you?
Oh. we talked about this. bud.
I have a big meeting
this morning.
Oh. Right.
Okay. You know.
everyone's been asking me
if I'm going on
the Kahana camping trip.
Evan. I don't know
if I feel comfortable you going
camping without supervision.
Jordan's uncle's gonna be there.
Well. I don't know
Jordan's uncle. Evan.
Dad. he's a librarian.
How dangerous can he be?
Okay. I'll
tell you what.
You ace this test.
and then we'll talk
about Kahana Valley. okay?
You're such a dictator.
I know. I'm the worst dad ever.
Dad?
Dad? Dad?
No! Evan!
No! No. no. no!
Dad?
♪ Hawaii Five-O 1x02 ♪
Ohana
Original Air Date on September 27. 2010
== sync. corrected by elderman ==
When he was five years old.
I asked my son Steve what he
wanted to be when he grew up.
He said. "I want to be a cop.
Dad. like you."
I told him
to be anything but that.
The life of a cop is...
is not easy.
It's not that I'm not proud
of the work that I did.
but more than anything.
I have. uh...
I have regrets.
The toll that it took on my
family. the way it hurt them.
It's. uh. it's something
I think about every day.
Now I'm. uh...
I'm alone here.
Losing my wife
was almost unbearable.
But giving up my kids.
that. uh...
that just broke me.
I'm so proud of them.
but they'd never know it.
I've missed so much
of their lives. you know.
watching them grow up and all.
I guess that's the way
it has to be.
till I figure this out.
What is it with you
and walking into
people's houses?
Well. I knocked.
I didn't hear you knock.
Well. I did.
I knocked. and then I saw you
through the window
and I thought you nodded.
Didn't nod.
Would you like me to leave?
Depends. What's in the bag?
Oh. those. uh.
doughnut-looking thing
they sell around the block.
Malasadas?
Yeah. whatever they are.
They're fried and they
taste good. You want one?
No. Not without bypass surgery.
And you can stay.
Just don't eat near my stuff.
Can I have a napkin?
Yeah.
What was that look?
What. they teach you
how not to spill in the Army?
It's the Navy.
okay? The Navy.
It's not the spill.
It's the tie.
No one in Hawaii
wears a tie.
Oh. I'm sorry. I like to look
like a professional.
Professional what?
- Okay. this is my favorite tie.
- Mm-hmm.
Grace gave me this tie
for Father's Day.
Oh. and also. so you know.
back in Jersey
and every normal city
in this country.
this is what a detective
looks like.
Really?
Yeah. really.
Yeah. shirt. tie.
doughnut crumbs.
You missed a spot.
Look. you're never
gonna fit in here
looking like you're
from the mainland.
Who says I want to fit in?
I don't want to fit in.
I want to look
like I'm from
the mainland. Okay?
I got 87 homicide cases
under my belt looking like this.
Not in 110-degree weather.
you don't.
I'm just saying.
I'm not taking off the tie.
So leave it alone.
Okay.
Okay?
You want to discuss
my shoes?
Well. now that you mention it.
patent leather loafers?
Will you. uh.
do me a favor. please?
Just let it go.
That your dad's stuff?
Yeah.
You get anything from it?
More questions
than answers.
Talk to the Coast Guard?
Yeah.
Uh. they didn't find
Victor Hesse's body yet.
That does not mean
that they won't.
What if he's alive?
You emptied a mag into the guy.
Right.
He's fish food.
Look. Admiral Shepard
knows that this is
the guy that killed
your father.
He's got crews on it 24/7.
They will find Hesse's body.
Yes. Governor.
Kidnapping victim's
name is Roland Lowry.
His car was T-boned
an hour ago.
Gunshots were exchanged.
passengers were killed.
This all happened
in broad daylight.
Well. that seems like
a pretty messy grab
just to yank an ordinary guy
off the streets.
This guy's
not ordinary.
Lowry's ex-NSA.
He used to have top-secret
security clearance.
Which means his abduction
could be
a serious
national security threat.
Right.
What else the governor say?
She said. "Find him."
Hey. got your message.
Good. Come on.
let's start processing.
Governor's Task Force.
We'll take it from here.
Chin. Kono. stay on the SUV.
Danny and I are on the van.
Officer Lee.
North winds must be coming in
early; I just got a chill.
You know. I trained that guy
and now he can't even
look me in the eye.
Forget him. cousin.
My police academy
graduation dinner's
at Haleiwa Joe's. 7:30.
Can you make it?
I'll try.
Car was a rental.
Come on. you're
gonna make it
to my graduation. right?
You know.
I don't think
that's such a good idea.
Between our family
and HPD...
I don't care what they think.
You're the reason
I became a cop.
Well. a ceremony
doesn't make a cop.
Doing the job makes a cop.
I want you there.
No. you don't.
They think I'm dirty. Kono.
They're gonna paint you
with the same brush.
I'm doing this for you.
Stay on the car.
I'm gonna go pull the footage
from that traffic camera.
see if it got anything.
SS-190 armor-piercing rounds.
These guys were
definitely well-backed.
Definitely not a local job.
What do you got?
This van--
reported stolen two days ago.
Two dead guys in the SUV:
hired muscle from
Bruddah's private security firm.
That's interesting.
Why's it interesting?
This is density-layer
ballistic glass.
laminated onto a shield
of resilient polycarbonate.
Why can't you just say
"bulletproof"?
I mean. how hard is that?
Get Chin to call
the security company.
find out where they were going.
Guys. Roland's last call was
at 6:15 a.m.
Same time he was abducted.
Who did he call?
His son. Evan.
We got a witness.
♪ ♪
Evan. do you know where your
dad was going this morning?
No.
I mean. he probably told me.
but I was only half listening.
It was some
big meeting.
Do you know what it was about?
Look. we don't really
talk about his work.
Did your dad ever have
any disagreements with anyone?
Is there anybody
that you can think of
that'd want to hurt your dad?
No. I'm telling you.
he's the most
boring person
you'll ever meet.
What about your mom?
Where's she?
She died when I was seven.
All right. buddy. look.
There was two other men
with your dad this morning.
They were bodyguards.
You have any idea
why he would hire bodyguards?
Seriously?
Yeah.
Bodyguards?
N-No. I have no clue.
I can't believe it.
That could've been the last
time I ever talk to my dad.
And I called him a dictator.
Evan.
You all right?
I'm so sorry.
You okay?
God. you must have
been so scared.
I can't even
imagine it.
You know. you're gonna come
and stay with me
until they find him. yeah?
Okay.
Who's that?
Name's Natalie Reed.
She's Roland's girlfriend.
She have any guess who'd want
to grab her boyfriend?
No idea.
All right. stay close.
If this is a kidnap and ransom.
then the abductors
might try to make contact.
and if they do. I want someone
who can run the trace.
Okay.
Hey. listen.
Give us a couple hours.
we'll run down some leads.
We will relieve you.
I promise you. you won't miss
your graduation.
It's cool. brah.
Grabbed the video footage
from a traffic cam near
the crime scene. I'll mine it.
see if there's anything
on there that can help us
identify the shooters.
Did you get in touch with
the security company
that Roland hired today?
Yeah. I spoke to the owner.
Turns out.
Roland hired the bodyguards
for an appointment he had
this morning.
Where were they going?
Hickam Air Force Base.
You know anyone at Hickam?
A stupid question. Of course.
Roland became paranoid.
Firing off memos
in the middle of the night
directly to
the Joint Chiefs of Staff.
Which pissed off his immediate
superiors to no end.
What were the memos about?
He was constantly telling us how
vulnerable we were to attack.
In fact. he moved to Hawaii
not to retire.
but to carry on
with his work.
He felt this is where
he could do the most good.
What does that mean?
Hawaii's in a strategic position
in the global theater.
And that the United States
Pacific Command
is directly responsible
for 150 million
square miles.
Literally half the Earth.
Why do you think Pearl Harbor
was a target?
Is that why he
wanted to see you?
'Cause he felt we
were still vulnerable?
And he said he was working on
something that could prove it.
Okay. what was it?
He didn't feel comfortable
talking about it over the phone.
so he was bringing it
over today.
So Roland was about to expose
some serious threat
to the island.
That's why I took the meeting.
That's why he was kidnapped.
McGarrett.
Steve we've got a wounded runner
injured in the gunfight.
The tape shows he was hit
in the grab
and he went into the Kahiko
on Kalia Road.
Hotel security cameras show
he went up the elevator
on the right.
He was shot. Knew he couldn't
go to the hospital.
He's looking
for a place to hide and heal.
I got blood.
He went up.
Hey.
He's on 36.
Uh. we're cops. Don't worry.
You like hippos?
I like hippos. too.
I got a daughter--
she loves hippos.
Everybody likes hippos.
He'll be okay.
Go. Go.
You have an amazing
way with children.
What?
Here! Here!
Clear.
He's on the roof.
Found him.
Is he dead?
Not yet.
Hey.
Have a nice nap. Princess?
Who are you?
Huh?
The man asked
you a question.
Where's Roland Lowry?
What do you want with him?
Hey. you know. I've
been shot. too.
Yeah. you really ought
to get that looked at.
What's it been. an hour or two
since you got hit?
What's gonna happen is bacterial
infection is gonna set in.
and trust me.
you do not want that.
It goes straight
to your bloodstream.
Sepsis. organ failure.
Next thing you know.
they're yanking out
your kidneys.
And from what I hear.
dialysis is. um. it's not fun.
Let me ask
you a question.
Your buddies really worth
all that trouble?
Huh? I mean. you guys
couldn't have been
that tight. right?
They left you behind.
Danno. move.
Chin. hold him down.
What are you doing?
What is the matter with you?
Give me a piece of paper.
Run that print.
Let's go.
Hey. hey. Steve. what do
you think you're doing? Hey!
Hey!
- Are you out of your mind?!
- You want to play. huh?
Let's play.
This is not Guantanamo.
You can't hang a guy
off the roof.
All I'd have to say is that
you came at me with a gun.
we struggled and you fell.
What do you think of that. huh?
Hey. listen to me.
listen to me.
If a suspect dies. he no longer
has the ability to speak.
Ergo. he's useless to us.
You think anybody's
gonna care?
You just killed
two people. buddy.
I'd be doing the world a favor.
That's enough!
Ladies...
You can stop now.
I got a fingerprint match
off an Interpol database.
Ergo?
You and I are going
to have a long talk
later. you understand?
Get him up!
The guy's name is
Sergei Ivanovich.
Serbian national
with a rap sheet
a mile long. He's part of a gang
who pulled mostly bank jobs.
jewelry heists.
Smash and grab
type stuff.
Thieves. Thieves take
things. not humans.
Maybe they graduated
to kidnapping.
Or maybe they knew what Roland
wanted to show the general.
and they want to get
their hands on it.
Either way. take this guy to the
office. throw him in a hole.
Then I want you to run
deep background.
Find out when Sergei got
to the island. where he's been.
all known associates.
the whole shot.
Got it.
Where you going?
We are going
to Roland's house. okay?
These guys are thieves--
I want to know what they were after.
That way. you're going?
Shut up.
Let it go. Just let it go.
Please do not speak
to me right now.
Okay. so we're gonna do that
whole thing again? Why do we...?
Will you zip it for a second?
I'm gonna speak now.
It is my turn.
Sergei Ivanovich--
he is a suspect.
That means we treat him
as a source of information
and then we book him. okay?
Torturing and killing is not part
of the job description.
I wasn't going to kill him.
Why are you talking?
I'm just trying to explain...
Why are your lips moving?!
Go ahead.
I know the governor
gave you a free pass. okay?
But immunity and means
does not entitle you
to hang a guy
off a roof.
All right. I was going
to break Ivanovich.
I just needed a little time
to get into his head.
That is how police work is done.
Is that too theoretical
for you. huh?
Can I speak?
Please!
Okay.
That guy was only going to talk
out of fear of death.
Fear of death?
Fear of death.
What does that mean. fear of death?
People will tell you anything
under fear of death.
That doesn't necessarily
make it true.
Did you see the tattoo on his hand?
What?
The blue star-- did you see
the blue star tattoo he had on his hand?
That's a New Belgrade
Serbian mafia tattoo.
These guys are not
smash and grab types.
They kill kids.
They slaughter families.
That boy's going
to lose his father.
Is everything going to become
a personal mission for you?
You hang a guy
off a roof
because you lost your father?
Danny. you know what...?
No. no. no. no. no.
I swear to God. I
just want to know.
I want to know. because if
everything is going to become
a personal mission to you--
okay. I count my odds
at job security.
not to mention survival.
pretty slim.
Okay? We are partners.
So if you are going
to be the shoot first
and ask questions later
type of a guy.
I would at least
like to be consulted
so I know when to duck.
Okay.
Just for the record.
I wasn't going to kill him.
Well. that is good.
Got security cameras.
double dead bolts.
two separate entrances.
Where's the automatic
gun turrets?
Evan was right.
Roland does take
his personal security seriously.
Yeah. well. it's living proof--
just because you're paranoid
doesn't meant they're not
out to get you.
All right. we're
looking for files.
notebooks. his computer.
Oh. thank you.
Inspector Obvious.
I'll check the back.
Fall asleep
with your eyes open again?
That's funny.
This wall seem
weird to you?
I'm not an architect. but there
should be another room here.
Wow.
This is slightly above
my level of expertise.
What are you doing?
No. no. don't touch it.
Don't...
No. no. no.
Good. You just put
a blip in the matrix.
We need to find someone
who can make sense of this.
You were Naval intelligence.
None of this looks
familiar to you?
No. I... Look. I've seen
super-grade level cryptography
before. but this isn't it.
This is--
this is something else.
This is like off the grid
hacker world.
Hacker? I think
I know a guy
who can help us.
You know a guy?
Yeah. I know a guy.
I know people. too.
Okay.
You got any cash on you?
How'd you say you know this guy?
His name is Adam Charles.
First case I worked
when I got here six months ago.
he got busted hacking into ATMs
all around the island.
Basically a good kid.
He just got caught up
with some knuckleheads.
and they were using him
for his skill set.
Right. and your heart
just bled for him?
No. I. uh... just put
a good word in with the judge.
I mean. this kid had
a scholarship to MIT.
the whole nine.
He's really a...
a genius--
at least 42 minutes
of the day.
What about the
rest of the time?
Baked like a potato.
Ah. Pakalolo.
Yeah. he says
it helps him
see patterns. and all codes
are basically patterns.
Oh. my.
Dessert before dinner.
Hey. Jersey.
Aloha.
Toast.
You're looking all kama'aina.
It's the tie. right?
Really sells it.
I don't know
what that means.
Uh. we need a favor. Toast.
Grab your stuff.
We're going for a ride.
Evan. you got to eat something.
Hey.
Hey. Kono. We found one
of the men who grabbed Roland.
He give you anything?
No. but we found out
he's part
of a gang of Serbian thieves.
I'll e-mail you a picture.
Listen. you think you can talk
to Evan?
Ask him if he knows this guy
or anything
about his dad's business.
International contacts.
overseas phone calls.
anything that might be able
to tie Roland to the Serbs.
Yeah. sure. I'll try.
How's the kid doing?
About as well as can
be expected. considering.
How about you?
I'm fine. Why?
Well. you're cutting it
kind of close.
You might miss your graduation.
No worries.
You become a cop
by doing the work.
not walking
across a stage. right?
Good news is.
you're off the hook.
You don't have to be there.
Well. good luck with the kid.
Thanks.
Any news?
Nothing concrete.
He won't eat. He won't talk.
I'm really worried
about him.
Do you have any paper?
Oh. your kidnapped dude's
got a sweet setup.
Yo. take
your time. Toast.
I mean. it's-it's... it's
just national security.
I'll take my time
and do it right.
Can I smoke in here. guys?
No.
Harsh.
No way.
This is unreal.
Like unicorn style.
I mean. I've heard rumors
about this guy online.
but I thought it was all
just urban legend.
He really did it.
Did what? What did he do?
Okay. He built a skeleton key.
It's basically a worm
that can bypass
asymmetric encryption
on high-grade security networks.
and also allows remote access
to infrastructure systems.
Great.
You want to dumb it down
for my friend here?
Just look.
Wait. wait. wait.
That's a rendering
of the power grid
of the entire island of Oahu.
And the radar array for
Honolulu International Airport.
- What did Roland do?
-  I don't know.
But you're talking about places
with heavy-grade
asymmetric encryption.
and your boy here
hacked them.
All with this computer.
Roland did that?
No.
I mean. this is all
just archives--
logs of what he did.
Skeleton key's definitely
not on these drives.
My guess is...
...it was right in there.
Okay.
At least we know what he wanted
to show General Nathanson--
the skeleton key
and what it could do.
Okay. so hold on--
if Roland can hack
into the island infrastructure.
any government
network computer...
And whoever has him
can do the same.
What are you making?
A crane.
In Japan. it's a
symbol of peace.
honor and loyalty.
I once had to make
1.000 of them
for my cousin's wedding
in Kyoto.
Whoa. 1.000?
Yeah. It's kind
of a thing.
You ever. uh.
been out of the country?
No. We never go anywhere.
Hawaii's the farthest
from Virginia we've ever been.
Do you. um...
do you recognize this guy?
No.
Is he the man who took my dad?
We think he's one of them. yes.
We got him.
And we'll get the others.
I promise you.
Do you think I could try
to make one of those?
I'd love to teach you.
Let me get a piece of paper.
Sergei flew in from Serbia
two months ago.
- Alone?
- No.
He came in
with a Drago Zankovic.
He's the boss.
as far as I can tell.
He. uh. paid for the tickets.
They both traveled
on doctored passports.
There were three guys
on the traffic cam.
Let's go a little further back.
Show me all Serbian passports
in Hawaii
in the last six months.
Yeah. one sec.
Hey. Natalie.
do you have another
piece of paper?
In the top drawer.
I just put some
water on for tea.
Do you want some?
Yeah. sure.
Blow that one up.
Nadia Lukovic.
AKA Natalie.
Everything okay?
Yeah. everything's fine.
Evan's okay?
Yeah. he's hanging in there.
Hey!
Let her go.
I said let her go.
Come on.
We're all going to
take ride together.
Turn left ahead.
You shouldn't have
involved the boy.
Well. you should have done
a better job.
You could have
convinced him to sell it
on the open market.
More time? It's been months.
He was about to hand it over
to the U.S. military.
You've been watching my dad
for months?
It's my boss.
If I don't answer.
he'll know something's wrong.
Tell him everything is fine.
or the boy won't see
his next birthday.
Steve.
Kono. am I on speaker?
No.
Natalie's working
with the Serbs.
We're on the way to her house.
Where are you?
Yeah. everything's great.
Copy that. Just stay on the line
as long as you can.
We're running a trace.
This is Chin Ho Kelly.
I need a priority trace.
Kono. can you tell us
where you are?
Yeah. I may even take Evan out
to Mokuleia Beach for a swim.
Okay. you're headed north.
Exactly.
I know what you're doing.
Now. take a hard left.
Dad!
Evan.
Natalie.
What are you doing?
She's one of them. Dad!
No.
No. no!
No. that can't be!
Oh. shut up!
You see. your father has
not been very cooperative.
but now. with you here.
maybe you can talk
some sense into him. huh?
Tell him to do what we ask.
All right. all right.
All right. all right. You win.
I'll do what you want.
Just please. don't hurt my son!
Dad!
- Leave him alone!
- Shut up!
Sit down!
Okay. Okay.
Okay. okay.
Come on.
Now. get to work.
No. no. no. no. no.
Yeah. Toast. what's up?
Jersey. look.
I don't want
to freak you out. but...
Ho. ho. ho. ho. ho. Take the
lollipop out of your mouth.
I can't understand a word.
Look. I don't want
to freak you out.
but it looks like
the skeleton key just went live.
Okay. What does that mean?
Someone's using it. dude.
No. no. no.
That's problematic.
What is problematic?
The radar just went down.
Can we trace the hack?
No. I can't pinpoint the origin.
Whatever it is just took down
the Honolulu approach radar.
Why do that?
So someone can fly
in or out undetected.
Make sure the radar
is down until they land.
Got it?
What are they
making him do?
As soon as he's done.
do you think they'll let us go?
Hey. I told you to be quiet.
Hey. leave him alone.
Huh?
Leave him alone. scumbag.
Nah. not yet.
She's a good hostage.
My hostage!
Get her back in the chair.
Hey. get back to work.
You're dead.
It's just a matter
of time.
Sorry.
Did you catch that?
Yeah. no markings. no tail number.
You were right.
Not one of ours.
Okay. so where the
hell did it come from?
I don't know. but I think
I know where it's going.
There's a skydiving school
around here.
Skydiving?
That's right. there is.
It's gotta land somewhere.
right?
Dillingham Airfield.
That's where they are.
Where is it?
Let's see the money first.
Looks... looks
like it's all here.
This way. gentlemen.
How are we taking the building?
What do you think?
I think if we can get our eyes
on our people. we go in hot.
Is that what you would do?
Yes. that is what I would do.
See? This is a partnership.
It's like pulling teeth.
you know that?
Come on.
Let's go.
Here it is. as you requested.
- Dad?
- Yeah?
I'm sorry
I called you a dictator.
It's okay. It's okay.
♪ ♪
Hey. both of you.
Hey. listen to me.
Get ready
to hit the ground.
When?
You'll know when. Just do it.
You want to
take her out?
Take her out.
Everybody out now.
now. now. now!
Let's go! Let's go!
Hey. hey!
Eddie. Eddie.
Eddie.
I got you.
Hands up. Hands up.
Stand up.
Hands behind your back.
I got you.
You had me worried
for a second
there. cuz.
I had it all under control.
Book him. Danno.
Really? I mean.
is that gonna be a thing now?
You don't like it?
Don't like it.
I think it's catchy.
What are you looking at?
What's the matter with you?
What? What? What? Walk.
♪ ♪
Go ahead.
A Kel-Tec nine-mil.
Very nice.
Makes for a good
backup weapon.
Keep it in your belt.
your ankle strap.
Doesn't need
a separate holster.
Thanks. boss.
I'm sorry you were put
in danger today.
We care for each
other like a family.
so please know we'll always
do everything we can
to protect you.
He's the patron saint...
...of law enforcement.
I've seen cops wear 'em.
Pretty sure with that
roundhouse kick you're never
gonna need it.
My sergeant gave me one when
I graduated from the Academy.
I've always
kept it on me.
It's always kept me safe.
That is. until I met him.
You really proved
yourself out there today.
You've earned this.
And for the record.
I wouldn't have missed
your graduation for anything.
Now. raise your right hand.
I solemnly swear...
to faithfully support
the Constitution and laws
of the United States
of America
and the state
of Hawaii.
I solemnly swear
to faithfully support the laws
and Constitution...
== sync. corrected by elderman ==
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm